# XSS (Basic) 🏴<!-- omit in toc -->

```txt
0fbb54bbf7d099713ca4be297e1bc7da0173d8b3c21c1811b916a3a86652724e
```

- [Location](#location)
- [Vulnerability](#vulnerability)
- [Method](#method)
- [Tools & References](#tools--references)
- [Fix](#fix)
  - [What can XSS be used for? 🤷](#what-can-xss-be-used-for-)

## Location

'http://\<ip-address>:80/index.php?page=feedback'

## Vulnerability

Cross-site scripting (XSS) is a type of security vulnerability typically found in web applications. XSS attacks enable attackers to inject client-side scripts into web pages viewed by other users. A cross-site scripting vulnerability may be used by attackers to bypass access controls such as the same-origin policy.

## Method

In the feedback inputs, under name I input
'a' just to test. Under the Message slot I put in:
`<script>alert('sinkosi collecting flags');</script>`

This resulted in the flag popping out onto the screen.

## Tools & References

- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting)
- [OWASP](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/xss/)
- [Portswigger](https://portswigger.net/web-security/cross-site-scripting)

## Fix

- Filter input on arrival. At the point where user input is received, filter as strictly as possible based on what is expected or valid input.
- Encode data on output.
- Use appropriate response headers
- Content Security Policy

### What can XSS be used for? 🤷

An attacker who exploits a cross-site scripting vulnerability is typically able to:

- Impersonate or masquerade as the victim user
- Carry out any action that the user is able to perform.
- Read any data that the user is able to access
- Capture the user's login credentials.
- Perform virtual defacement of the web site
- Inject trojan functionality into the web site.
