# File upload <!-- omit in toc -->

```txt
46910d9ce35b385885a9f7e2b336249d622f29b267a1771fbacf52133beddba8
```

- [Location](#location)
- [Vulnerability](#vulnerability)
- [Method](#method)
- [Tools & References](#tools--references)
- [Fix](#fix)

## Location

`http://\<ip-address>:80/index.php?page=upload#`

## Vulnerability

Uploaded files represent a significant risk to applications. The first step in many attacks is to get some code to the system to be attacked. Then the attack only needs to find a way to get the code executed. Using a file upload helps the attacker accomplish the first step.

## Method

When one opens the upload, you will see from Inspecting that the page has a POST method.

You must also note that it uses nginx, not apache, which is susceptible to double extension attacks. So file.sh.jpg would not work.

You will see the MAX_FILE_SIZE is set on the front, which is bad but to test, I also tried to upload a large file, I received a 413 Error.

When we continue to examine the page, we see that the `name` of the upload is `uploaded`. So the aim is to try breach the upload using a cURL.

It is easy to create a cURL script, the one I made is this:

```bash
ip="http://<ip-address>"

curl -o sinkosi.html -X POST \
-F 'Upload=Upload' \
-F 'uploaded=@file.php;type=image/jpeg' \
"${ip}/?page=upload"
```

- -X POST: Tells curl we are making a post request method
- -F 'Upload=Upload': tells curl we are making an upload to an object named upload.
- @: Force the content
-o sinkosi.html: Output the result to sinkosi.html

When the curl has run, open sinkosi.html, the flag will be posted there.

## Tools & References

- [OWASP](https://owasp.org/www-community/vulnerabilities/Unrestricted_File_Upload)
- [Medium](https://medium.com/@petehouston/upload-files-with-curl-93064dcccc76)

## Fix

- Limit the filename length. For instance, the maximum length of the name of a file plus its extension should be less than 255 characters (without any directory) in an NTFS partition.
- It is recommended to use an algorithm to determine the filenames. For instance, a filename can be a MD5 hash of the name of file plus the date of the day.
- Uploaded directory should not have any “execute” permission and all the script handlers should be removed from these directories.
- Limit the file size to a maximum value in order to prevent denial of service attacks (on file space or other web application’s functions such as the image resizer).
- Restrict small size files as they can lead to denial of service attacks. So, the minimum size of files should be considered.
- Use Cross Site Request Forgery protection methods.
- Prevent from overwriting a file in case of having the same hash for both.
- Ensure that files with double extensions (e.g. “file.php.txt”) cannot be executed especially in Apache.
- Ensure that uploaded files cannot be accessed by unauthorised users.
- Adding the “Content-Disposition: Attachment” and “X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff” headers to the response of static files will secure the website.
- CORS headers should be reviewed to only be enabled for static or publicly accessible data. Otherwise, the “Access-Control-Allow-Origin” header should only contain authorised addresses. Other CORS headers such as “Access-Control-Allow-Credentials” should only be used when they are required. Items within the CORS headers such as “Access-Control-Allow-Methods” or “Access-Control-Allow-Headers” should be reviewed and removed if they are not required.

Explain the basic functioning of the vulnerability.

Explain a method to avoid this kind of problem.

Explain the impact that this specific flaw can have.

Demonstrate and compare that the two flags are indeed identical.
