# Cookies 🏴<!-- omit in toc -->

```txt
df2eb4ba34ed059a1e3e89ff4dfc13445f104a1a52295214def1c4fb1693a5c3
```

- [Location](#location)
- [Vulnerability](#vulnerability)
- [Method](#method)
- [Tools & References](#tools--references)
- [Fix](#fix)

## Location

'http://\<ip-address>:80/'

## Vulnerability

It's possible for an attacker to steal and reuse
session identifiers or other sensitive cookie values when they are stored or transmitted insecurely.

## Method

I was immediately alerted by my console, for inspecting elements on a webpage that there was something wrong with the cookie.

The cookie structure:
| Type     | Status |
| -------- | ------ |
| HttpOnly | False  |
| Secure   | False  |
| SameSite | None   |

I proceeded to check the contents of the cookie and it was an arbitrary string `68934a3e9455fa72420237eb05902327`

It becomes clear what was to happen next which is determine if the string has any meaning. After working out that the hash translated to 'false', I
decided to hash my own string equal to the string 'true'.
After refreshing the browser, the flag was returned.

The string 'true' = `b326b5062b2f0e69046810717534cb09`

## Tools & References

- [hashes.com](https://hashes.com/en)
- Mozilla Firefox Inspection Tool

## Fix

- Make sure that all session identifiers are transmitted over an encrypted protocol.
- Terminate/regenerate the session if the session token is transmitted insecurely (either in clear text or as part of the URL), or signal to the application to do so.
- Enforce the Secure and HttpOnly flags on sensitive cookies using a Web Application Firewall.
- Ensure that session identifiers are transmitted only using the SSL session where they originated. Track sessions across SSL renegotiations and integrate with framework solutions to support common SSL termination/re-encryption architectures.
