# Directory Traversal :ant: <!-- omit in toc -->

```txt
b12c4b2cb8094750ae121a676269aa9e2872d07c06e429d25a63196ec1c8c1d0
```

- [Location 🗺️](#location-️)
- [Vulnerability](#vulnerability)
- [Method](#method)
- [Tools & References](#tools--references)
- [Fix](#fix)

## Location 🗺️

'http://\<ip-address>:80/index.php?page=../../../../../../../../../etc/passwd'

## Vulnerability

This is a classic attack often refered to as a `Directory Traversal Attack`.

## Method

If you open Object Inspection Tool, you will see under the Network Tab that you are able to view the HTTP Headers. The one to look out for is `X-Powered-By PHP/5.3.10-1ubuntu3.19`.

It being `ubuntu` tells us that it is using a Unix File system. Therefore we are looking to see if we can gain access to `etc\passwd`.

If you check the example [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directory_traversal_attack), the example states:

```php
GET /vulnerable.php HTTP/1.0
Cookie: TEMPLATE=../../../../../../../../../etc/passwd
```

so the plan was to see if this will work if I tried to traverse the includes() until reaching the root directory.

This means consistently appending `../` until reaching the root directory.

## Tools & References

- Mozilla Firefox Inspection Tool
- [Wikipedia - Directory Traversal Attack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directory_traversal_attack)
- [OWASP - Path Traversal](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Path_Traversal)

## Fix

- Process URI requests that do not result in a file request, e.g., executing a hook into user code, before continuing below.
- When a URI request for a file/directory is to be made, build a full path to the file/directory if it exists, and normalize all characters (e.g., %20 converted to spaces).
- It is assumed that a 'Document Root' fully qualified, normalized, path is known, and this string has a length N. Assume that no files outside this directory can be served.
- Ensure that the first N characters of the fully qualified path to the requested file is exactly the same as the 'Document Root'.

If so, allow the file to be returned.
If not, return an error, since the request is clearly out of bounds from what the web-server should be allowed to serve.

- Using a hard-coded predefined file extension to suffix the path does not limit the scope of the attack to files of that file extension.
